fix env file name (#22)
ChainSafe/forest-iac: scripts/daily_snapshot/README.md

## Installation
* Put Digital Ocean Spaces password and slack api token in `.env`
* Run `./boot-service`

> * To use the enviromental variables, create a new file called `.env` before adding the credentials for testing. Get the credentials from the content of the `env-develop` file. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To use the enviromental variables, create a new file called `.env` before adding the credentials for testing. Get the credentials from the content of the `dot-env-template` file. 
```
